Make a Difference in the Meaningful Use of Medical Health Software

Are you working in an Information Technology related field and want to make a positive contribution to the Healthcare community? Join our team as a Technical Analyst.

Technical Analyst
Our innovative and creative office welcomes your strong work ethic and attention to detail as you implement, and support medical offices during their transition to an electronic Medical Office Information System. Superior customer service skills and a “can do” attitude of getting the job done are attributes you must possess. The skills you have acquired can come from various industries utilizing technology – the key attribute being your ability to support and teach others. Top-notch training will be provided for you to become well-versed with our Electronic Medical Records system.


Duties and Responsibilities:

    Provide technical support to users and staff in a diversified IT environment
    Deploy new software version releases and updates; troubleshoot customer feedback and implement solutions
    Manage internal infrastructure including backups, hardware (servers / desktops), data centre, network security
    Complete data analysis in software testing and implementations; software/hardware evaluations and upgrades
    Demonstrate technical leadership and generating solutions on complex systems and issues
    Provide Medical Offices with knowledge, training and support in using our Electronic Medical Record system
    Create and maintain technical and user documentation, including scripting to automate/monitor tasks.

Qualifications and Requirements:

    -Effective communication skills (written and oral) in a group and individual setting with a keen eye for detail
    -Excellent customer service skills; patience, listening, and a knack for understanding customer needs
    -Consistent follow through on delivery to the customer in a timely manner
    -Windows and Linux Operating Systems, relational databases, hardware configuration, networks and IT security
    -Technical certifications and post-secondary education are considered an asset
    -Combination of experience, software and hardware knowledge, education and skill will be considered.

About Prince George – Affordability and Opportunity:
Prince George is a city of opportunity where people can afford to make their dreams come true. Prince George offers the lowest costs of living for a city of its size in BC and affordable real estate, rent, and short commutes are just part of the Prince George lifestyle.

Lower costs of living equates to more discretionary income. Home ownership, recreational opportunities, and travel are many of the perks of living here. With regularly scheduled jet service making major urban centers such as Vancouver, Victoria, Calgary, and Edmonton only a short trip away, those seeking the big city and access to world travel can have it at their convenience.

As the main service and supply hub for business across the north, Prince George is the primary centre for health care, advanced education, shopping, and culture in the region.

Applicants may send their cover letter and résumé to careers@aihs.ca.

No phone calls or personal visits please. We thank all candidates, however, only those under consideration will be contacted.
